README.md, before:

# 🚀 NestJS Starter Kit

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/nestjs-starter-kit.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nestjs-starter-kit)  
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

A **batteries-included**, **production-ready** starter kit for building backend APIs with NestJS.  
Designed to boost your productivity with authentication, email services, logging, swagger docs, and much more!

---

## ✨ Features

- 🔐 **JWT Authentication & Role-Based Access Control**  
- 📧 **Email Service** with Handlebars templates & Redis-powered queue (BullMQ)  
- 🔄 **Password Reset & Forgot Password** flows via email  
- 📜 **Auto-generated Swagger API documentation**  
- 🛠 **Developer-friendly CLI** to scaffold modules, controllers, services, and entities  
- 🖥 **Winston logger** integrated with HTTP request/response logging  
- 🎨 Fully set up **ESLint, Prettier, Husky & lint-staged** for a smooth developer experience  
- 🐳 Ready for **Docker** and deployment environments  
- 📦 Clean project structure with scalable architecture  

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Install

```bash
npm install nestjs-starter-kit
# or
yarn add nestjs-starter-kit

Commit message:

Fix: Correct package name and update badges
The package name was misspelled as `nestjs-starter-kit` instead of `nestjs-starter-kiit`. This commit corrects the spelling in `package.json` and `README.md`.

Additionally, the badges in `README.md` have been updated to reflect the correct package name and include links to the license, build status, and download statistics.

README.md, after:

# 🚀 NestJS Starter Kiit

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/nestjs-starter-kiit)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nestjs-starter-kiit)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/nestjs-starter-kiit)](https://github.com/mritunjaysukla/nestjs-starter-kit/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/mritunjaysukla/nestjs-starter-kit/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mritunjaysukla/nestjs-starter-kit/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/nestjs-starter-kiit)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nestjs-starter-kiit)

---

## GitHub Repository

You can find the full source code and documentation on GitHub:

➡️ [nestjs-starter-kit GitHub repo](https://github.com/mritunjaysukla/nestjs-starter-kit)

---

## ✨ Features

- 🔐 **JWT Authentication & Role-Based Access Control**  
- 📧 **Email Service** with Handlebars templates & Redis-powered queue (BullMQ)  
- 🔄 **Password Reset & Forgot Password** flows via email  
- 📜 **Auto-generated Swagger API documentation**  
- 🛠 **Developer-friendly CLI** to scaffold modules, controllers, services, and entities  
- 🖥 **Winston logger** integrated with HTTP request/response logging  
- 🎨 Fully set up **ESLint, Prettier, Husky & lint-staged** for a smooth developer experience  
- 🐳 Ready for **Docker** and deployment environments  
- 📦 Clean project structure with scalable architecture  

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Install

```bash
npm install nestjs-starter-kit
# or
yarn add nestjs-starter-kit
